add the CBOR tag CDDL (using NLTN) to the testing machinery (#43)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-msg-wrap: draft-ietf-rats-msg-wrap.md

1. A CMW using a CBOR or JSON array ({{type-n-val}});
1. A CMW based on CBOR tags ({{cbor-tag}}).

> A further CMW "collection" type that holds together multiple CMW conceptual messages is defined in {{cmw-coll}}.

Author: ```suggestion
A further CMW "collection" type that holds together multiple CMW items is defined in {{cmw-coll}}.
```

}
~~~

## CMW Collections {#cmw-coll}

Layered attesters and composite devices ({{Sections 3.2 and 3.3 of -rats-arch}}) generate evidence that consists of multiple parts.

For example, in data center servers, it is not uncommon for separate attesting environments (AE) to serve a subsection of the entire machine.
One AE might measure and attest to what was booted on the main CPU, while another AE might measure and attest to what was booted on a SmartNIC plugged into a PCIe slot, and a third AE might measure and attest to what was booted on the machine's GPU.

> To address the composite Attester use case, this document defines a CMW "collection" as a container that holds several CMW evidence conceptual messages, each with a label that is unique within the scope of the collection.

Author: ```suggestion
To address the composite Attester use case, this document defines a CMW "collection" as a container that holds several CMW items, each with a label that is unique within the scope of the collection.
```

The CMW collection ({{fig-cddl-collection}}) is defined as a CBOR map or JSON object with CMW values.
The position of a `cmw` entry in the `cmw-collection` is not significant.

> Instead, the labels identify a conceptual message that corresponds to a component of a system.

Author: ```suggestion
Instead, the labels identify a conceptual message that, in the case of a composite attester, should typically correspond to a component of a system.
```

Labels can be strings or integers that serve as a mnemonic for different conceptual messages in the collection.

~~~ cddl
{::include cddl/cmw-collection.cddl}
~~~
{: #fig-cddl-collection artwork-align="left"
   title="CDDL definition of the CMW collection format"}

Although initially designed for the composite attester use case, the CMW collection can be repurposed for other use cases requiring CMW aggregation.

> 
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
